cross-project `ref` + model `access` + `dependencies.yml` (#3577)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/versions/01-upgrading-to-v1.6.md

[**Namespacing:**](/faqs/Models/unique-model-names) Model names can be duplicated across different namespaces (packages/projects), so long as they are unique within each package/project. We strongly encourage using [two-argument `ref`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/ref#two-argument-variant) when referencing a model from a different package/project.

> [**Project dependencies**](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies): Introduce `dependencies.yml`. Allow enforcing model access (public vs. protected/private) across project/package boundaries. Enable cross-project `ref` of public models, without requiring the installation of upstream source code, as a feature of dbt Cloud Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Project dependencies**](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies): Introduces `dependencies.yml` as a feature of dbt Cloud Enterprise. Allows enforcing model access (public vs. protected/private) across project/package boundaries. Enables cross-project `ref` of public models, without requiring the installation of upstream source code.
```
